Hello and welcome back.
We have another challenge This challenge is on a momento design pattern.
This will test your understanding of this design pattern.
The requirements we're gonna create an application that uses a mental pattern.
Go figure.
This application is just going to save some dummy states.
It's not going to be really any real world type of application.
It's just going to demonstrate the pattern by saving dummy states.
And so you're responsible for creating the three main classes to implement this pattern.
That's the momento of the originator and the caretaker.
The momento is going to store the internal state of the originator object the originator is going to
create a memento containing a snapshot of its current internal state usually on a Save operation.
And it's also going to use the momentum to restore its internal state usually on an undo or restore.
The caretaker is responsible communicating with the originator it's responsible for the mental safekeeping
it never operates on or examines the contents of the mental the originator class should contain some
state data and some get set methods for each state.
You can create any state data you want.
Whatever the case may be but you have to have some state data.
It should also contain a save or create mental method.
And that method will return a new memento with the safe state.
You should also have a restore or get state from a mental method.
This will restore the originator state from the mental state the safe state have a mental class should
contain the same state data as the originator has to because that's what you're saving.
You can implement it as an entire class or you can.
You can do it differently as a regular class memento constructor will set the state and get the meth
in and get method your caretaker.
Class must be able to save multiple states using the momento objects.
So you want to maintain a list of mental objects because this is application is going to have saves
save points like every so often like maybe every 30 seconds we'll have a safe point.
Now you don't the about timing because you can just explicitly call the safe but you want to save more
than one state.
So it needs to have a list the caretaker can include add and get methods which add to the mementos list
and then retrieve method from the list based on the index so you'll have multiple mementos your clients
should use the originator and the caretaker objects it should create an originator object and set multiple
states that it then should save multiple states save points using the originators momento object so
many mementos will be created.
You then want to restore multiple save points to demonstrate that the caretaker worked and it will look
up different metals in the caretaker's list some example output was something like this the current
state is state number six we saved six save points the first state stayed with state number two the
second since state saved was state number four but the current state is six and so you can look in the
list to see the different states the different saved the states right and some reminders the memento
objects should be treated as an opaque object you don't see it caretakers should not be allowed to change
them it's just passed around you should pay special attention so that the other objects are not affected
by the change made in the originator to the momento sometimes the use of this paddock cost more if you
want to store and restore allowed large amount of data frequently there is that cost with efficiency.
Lastly from Take care.
Take care take your point of view the caretaker has no idea about how much stays kept in the memento
that it wants to delete.
So these are your goals.
This is what you want to be reminded of.
Go out and implement this and I'll provide a solution.
And the next lecture.
Good luck and thank you.